"# MajorProject" 
"# HeartDiseasePrediction" 

Heart disease is among the most common illnesses that persisted in the past and have increased and spread in our present. The reasons for the increase in its rates are varied, especially in our modern age. Diabetes, hypertension, cholesterol, erratic heartbeat, and many more clinical signs are some biological markers and risk factors that are needed to diagnose heart disease. World Health Organization (WHO) claims that one of the main and highly-ranked causes of death worldwide is heart disease, which can have several forms such as ischemic, hypertensive, and vascular heart disease , and it has been shown that cardiovascular illnesses kill 17.9 million patients each year. In addition, unhealthy behavior that results in being overweight, obesity, and hypertension raises the risk of heart disease . In addition, the heart is one of the essential organs of the human body. It is primarily responsible for the continuity of pumping the blood needed for the work of the rest of the human body. 
Recently, deep learning algorithms such LSTM, CNN, and hybrid models of these algorithms have played an important role in strengthening and enhancing the level of heart disease prediction using various layers that could collect deeper features Recently, authors have used ensemble learning to enhance the performance of these models in the healthcare domain. Ensemble learning combines the decisions of various base classifiers using many techniques such as voting or averaging to improve the final decision [13]. Ensemble algorithms can be categorized into three branches: boosting, stacking and bagging.  Stacking ensemble is considered as the best technique for building ensemble models because it is based on a meta learner, which learns from data how to weight the base classifiers and combine them in the best way to optimize the performance of the resulting model. Ensemble stacking optimizes a set of heterogeneous base models and combines their decisions using a meta-learner. 
